Activity 14 Plan
Goal: Make a QMD file that produces a PDF with wrangled Army Forces Data with a 
subsetted table, a time series for the four names, a plot for the Box problem
volume function.


Minor goals: fix the wrangling code for Army Forces data, create subset and a 
table for the subset, edit Names Time series (if needed), make the box problem 
with ggplot2, write an reflection and the Code appendix


Needs: quarto, Armed Forces data, Babynames data from DCdata, tidyverse, knitr,
kableExtra, googlesheets4


Steps:
1. Open RStudio 
2. Create a QMD
3. YAML header
   1. Set a title
   2. Set author
   3. Data - start date, date modified (now)
   4. Format - pdf
   5. Embed resources into the document
   6. Set table of contents to false
   7. Figures alignment centered + caption location on the top
   8. To get the 1 inch margins, set geometry (top, left, right, bottom) to 1 in
   9. Execute: set echo and warning to false
4. Armed Forces Data - wrangling
   1. Fix the local files by using googlesheets4
   2. install googlesheets4 package
   3. Library in googlesheet4 package
   4. Set ArmyRaw to read the sheet from the google sheets link 
   5. Make sure two separate data sets are made !!!
5. Armed Forces Subset table
   1. Choose a branch (marine corps)
   2. Choose a pay-grade (enlisted)
   3. Using filter, filter by Pay_grade and Branch
   4. Use tabyl with Rank and Sex
   5. Adorn totals and percentages, format the percentages to round to 2 digits, and out of ‘all’
   6. For title set the rows to be rank and the columns to be sex
   7. Format using kable and kableExtra
   8. Add a label using tbl- 
   9. Add a caption with tbl-cap
   10. Add alt text using tbl-alt
6. Write narrative text
7. Popular Baby Names Project
   1. Using the code from Activity 13
   2. Add shape to the time series and alt text 
   3. Add a label using fig-
   4. Add a caption using fig-cap
   5. Add alt text using fig-alt
8. Write narrative text
9. The Box problem
   1. Take the function code from activity 14 (but create the graph using ggplot2 instead)
   2. Create a data frame of inputs for cutout length (x)
   3. Ggplot, data is the data frame of inputs, mapping is just x = x
   4. Stat function
      1. Geometry is line, width is 1 (change as needed)
      2. Function is the volume_of_box 
      3. Additional Arguments are the length as 36 inches and width 48 inches
   5. Labels
      1. Add title
      2. Add x-axis and y-axis labels
      3. Add alt text
   6. Change scale increments
   7. Add a label using fig-
   8. Add a caption using fig-cap
   9. Add an alt text, fig-alt
   10. Write narrative text
10. Add a self reflection part
11. Add a code appendix using the {r} header from the crash course


Activity 15 plan
Goal: create and maintain a Repo.
Needs: github desktop

Steps:
1. Create the Repo, titled Activity-15
2. Created a branch, titled dev-Ankita
3. Update the README
   1. Add a purpose
   2. Data and where it is from
   3. Plan for the repository
   4. Organization of the repo 
   5. Contact information
4. Commit the creation of the repo + updated README
5. Create an issue about missing Activity 14 work (the QMD)
6. Add the file into the repo, then commit about resolving issue 1
7. Create another issue about the missing plans and Activity 14 PDF
8. Add the files into the repo, then commit about resolving issue 2
9. Edit/Update the QMD if/as needed
10. Submit a pull request to the main branch
11. make sure everything is updated and looks correct
Bonus: commit as often as needed.